I'm excited! Space is really confusing but also very interesting.

Honestly excited but also unsure because I really don't know what to expect

I'm excited to take this class, it seems really intriguing

I’m excited as I’ve never really taken an astronomy class before. 

Excited and interested

I am excited because I find the concepts of space and time interesting. However, I've never been a science person - which is why I'm in Newhouse! I think I will enjoy the material in this class. 

I'm excited to learn about it

I am very excited to learn more about astronomy. In high school I chose to write my 10 page paper on the Space Race which brought my interest to astronomy. 

Excited because space has always been interesting but I'm a little nervous, considering I'm not a math person, that there will be a lot of math.

I have never been the best at science but I am looking forward to this class as it fills my lab requirement while exploring the night sky- which I love.  

I'm very excited! I may not be a stem major of any sort, but I do love science and learning about space. 

I’m not huge on science, but I’ve heard this class has something for everyone, so I actually think it will be interesting.

Im interested in the subject but mostly taking it to fulfill a credit

I'm interested. I need a science lab for my major and I figured astronomy was the most interesting out of the other labs!

I am nervous because I don't really enjoy science, but I think out of all of the lab courses I could have taken astronomy seems the most interesting. 

I feel good I’m kind off nervous because I heard astronomy is hard

Im excited, I  love horoscopes 

I feel nervous because I struggled with physics in the past but I think this course will be better. 

It's a science course that should hopefully be more fun than stressful calculations. 

pretty excited! im not really a stem girly but i think that the universe is super beautiful and interesting so im excited to be involved in something new

I am excited since this class is unlike any of my others. I have been wanting to take a science course for awhile now, and Astronomy seems very interesting. 

Pretty confident! I was decent at physics and absolutely adored NASA documentaries when I was younger 

I'm feeling good - I'm a bit intimidated by the class size but I'm looking forward to it.

Nervous about the math and science part, math+science are not my strongest subjects.

I'm a little nervous - physics was the worst grade I got in HS and they seem similar

I am a but nervous being an arts kids as I was recently told the course is all math ... hoping that is not true but i will hang in there 

I am looking forward to it! I am the definition of what you say is the type of person to take this class, so I am really looking forward to learning cool stuff and avoiding hard math/science. 

I'm excited for class to begin, but I'm not entirely thrilled about the idea of an 8 am lab.

I am super excited because I went to an elementary school that dedicated an entire month to learning about space. Ever since I have loved it and always look for constellations at night.

Alright, its never been my favorite science. I’ve always been more into physics and biology.

I'm nervous because it's extremely complex, but I'm excited to take this course because I am interested in learning the material..
